20_2 TreeList Cell Editing: rewrite (#739)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/TreeList/CellEditing/description.md

> Users can modify TreeList data cell by cell. In this mode, only one cell can be in the edit state at a time. TreeList saves changes immediately after the focus leaves cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can modify TreeList data cell by cell. In this mode, only one cell can be in the edit state at a time. The TreeList saves changes immediately after the focus leaves cell.
```
the focus leaves cell? rephrase

> To enable the cell mode, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable cell mode, do the following:
```

> - Set  **editing** [mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"cell*".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) property to *"cell*".
```

> - Set the **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"cell*".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set  **editing** [mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"cell*".
```

- Assign **true** to the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/) object's [allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating), [allowAdding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding), and [allowDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/editing/#allowDeleting) properties.

> When a user presses the button to add a new row, the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler populates cells of a new row with default values. In this demo, this function sets *Not Started* as Status and current date as Start Date and Due Date.

Reviewer 3: I feel like some formatting is required for the mentioned fields:

```suggestion
When a user presses the button to add a new row, the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler populates cells of a new row with default values. In this demo, this function sets *Not Started* as `Status` and current date as `Start Date` and `Due Date`.
```

> When a user presses the button to add a new row, the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler populates cells of a new row with default values. In this demo, this function sets *Not Started* as `Status` and current date as `Start Date` and `Due Date`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This demo also shows how to populate cells of a new row with default values. The values are assigned within the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) event handler.
```

> When a user presses the button to add a new row, the [onInitNewRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#onInitNewRow) handler populates the new row editor with data. In this demo, this function preselects *Not Started* in the `Status` drop-down field and presets the current date for the `Start Date` and `Due Date` fields.

Reviewer 3: > this function preselects *Not Started* in the `Status` drop-down field

This is not a drop-down field. The drop-down field is on the screenshot: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/114396701-826d2700-9ba6-11eb-9263-5fb44f0789e2.png)

Also I still don't get what is a 'row editor'
